		5.Lay Phyu 
	Name              -Lay Phyu
	Birth_date        -19 May 1965
	Live	        -Yangon
	Genres	        -rock vocalist , guitarist
 	Occupation       -Singer , Songwriter 
              Instruments     -Vocals 
	Years active      -1992-present
Biography
	Lay Phyu was born on 19 May 1965 in Inlay Lake, Shan State, Myanmar along with his younger brother Ah Nge. He attended and graduated from Mandalay University with an English Major where he met Y Wine, one of the aspiring singers from the Iron Cross Music band (a renowned rock band in Myanmar). He eventually joined the "Iron Cross" band, which was founded by Saw Bwe Hmu, a famous guitarist and songwriter. Later, Chit San Maung became the lead guitarist after Bwe Hmu died. Later Ah Nge, Myo Gyi and Y Wine joined the new aspiring band.
	Since his early career days, Lay Phyu became successful in his first album "Gandarya Lamin" (Desert Moon) and helped define the genre of Burmese rock music. Much of his music was inspired by bands such as Nazareth, Metallica, Van Halen, Scorpion, Dream Theatre, and Bon Jovi. Lay Phyu first started his path to fame when he covered English songs in Burmese. Later on, as he gained confidence and popularity in his music career, he began to compose a few of his own music. Even with the copy songs written together with his Iron Cross associates, Lay Phyu gave a fresh boost to Myanmar's Music Industry.

Solo albums
    Gandarya Lamin (Desert Moon)
    Pinle Aw Than (Cries of the Sea)
    Gandarya Pinle Lamin Aw Than (Live)
    Gita Myitzuri (Music Entity)
    Power 54
    Kabar Thit Tayy (Song of New World)
    Kyein-Za (Curse)
    Thargaung (The Prey)
    Einmet Kabya (Dream Poem)
    Leitpya (The Butterfly)
    Mummy Mya (The Mummies)
    Khana Lay Mya (The Moments)
    Bay of Bengal (BOB)
    Diary - Single (music) (27-10-2013)
    Diary - Album (27-12-2014)
    Dar A Chit Lar (Single)

Collaborations
    95 Myanmar Billboard Top Hits
    Saw Bwe Hmu Amhattaya (2)
    Do Ye Chit-Thu Mya Ne
    Saung-Nay De Chit-Thu-Mya
    Chit-Thu Dway Ye Di Mhattan
    Madi Nhit Sone-Mhat-Mya
    Iron Cross Band Unplugged
    Iron Cross Band Acoustic
    Tay Myone Nget Ye Hnit Nar Se (2)
    Yarzu Thit
    LMN
    We Love the SEA Games (2013)
    Six Strings Witch (Lay phyu-Chit San Maung)
